# Characters

## **Zorian Kazinski – The Runed Exile**

<img src="_images/Zorian-AI1.webp" alt="Zorian Kazinski" style="height: 300px; object-fit: contain;">

Zorian Kazinski is a half-elf mage of immense talent, originally from western Dameria. His life was shattered during the
final stages of the **Lilac Wars**, when Lorentish forces razed his homeland and killed his family. In a moment of
desperate instinct, he cast his first teleportation spell—an act that not only saved his life but set him on the path of
magical mastery and exile.

Once a promising student of the **Magisterium**, Zorian was excommunicated for exploring forbidden schools of magic,
particularly time and spatial manipulation. Since then, he has become a rogue practitioner, famed for his precise
control over raw mana and his self-taught mastery of teleportation. He now serves as a **high-ranking member of a secret
organization**, working to protect magically marked individuals and to establish a sanctuary in the rediscovered
continent of **Aelantir**.

Zorian was the protégé of **Elmisteer**, a legendary elven mage and one of the founding figures of the Magisterium.
Elmisteer is revered for his groundbreaking work in theoretical magic and his ability to construct complex spell arrays
on the fly—eschewing memorized formulas in favor of pure logic. Under Elmisteer’s guidance, Zorian deepened his
understanding of the nature of magic and mana. Seventy years ago, Elmisteer vanished into the East in pursuit of higher
magical truths, disillusioned by the Magisterium’s focus on pragmatic spellcasting.

Recently, Zorian took part in a catastrophic magical battle in the village of **Necklife**, facing a cadre of powerful
archmages—believed to be agents of **Lorent** or the **Magisterium**. Though he displayed formidable power, he was
ultimately overwhelmed and **captured**. The aftermath left Necklife obliterated. The **Magisterium blamed Zorian** for
the destruction, using it as a political tool to vilify him.

This event has sent shockwaves through the realm: the **Emperor of Anbennar** sees it as a **Lorentish act of war**,
potentially sparking a full-blown international crisis. Zorian’s fate weighs heavily on the party—especially **Erelas**
and **Andrew**, who feel a deep sense of guilt and responsibility. Despite his capture, Zorian's legacy and vision
continue to influence the group’s actions as they press onward toward Aelantir, carrying his mission—and his
warnings—with them.

## Arthus

<img src="_images/Arthus.jpg" alt="Arthus" style="height: 300px; object-fit: contain;">

Arthus is the village leader of the settlement escaped from Damesear to Neckeliffe 
we don't know much about him
---

## **Admiral Thaelon – The Watchful Navigator**

<img src="_images/Thaelon.png" alt="Admiral Thaelon" style="height: 300px; object-fit: contain;">

Admiral Thaelon Duskmere is the authoritative and pragmatic elven leader of Venail and a **low-ranking member of the
covert organization** aiding magically marked individuals. Strategic and diplomatic, he urges the party to remain
discreet, as Venail's elven society is deeply suspicious of outsiders and non-Elvish speakers face notable cultural
barriers.

Though no formal alliance is signed, Thaelon enters into an **oral agreement** with the party: in return for offering
sanctuary to refugees fleeing the escalating conflict in Cannor, he will provide support in supplies and logistics for
their colony in Aelantir. He reveals that Venail itself intends to migrate its entire elven population to Aelantir—a
long-term mission aligned with the party's goals.

Thaelon also informs the party of the destruction of their former village and **Zorian’s capture**, signaling a rising
international crisis between Lorent and Anbennar. While cautious, Thaelon proves a vital, if quiet, ally in navigating
the volatile path to the New World.

## **Small Jonas – The Insightful Rascal**

<img src="_images/Small Jonas.png" alt="Small Jonas" style="height: 300px; object-fit: contain;">

Small Jonas is a talkative and occasionally irritating presence aboard the party’s ship, yet beneath his endless chatter
lies perceptive insights. Despite his frequent annoyances, Jonas offers valuable advice concealed within his rambling
conversations, subtly guiding the group's decisions as they journey towards Aelantir.

---

## **Swen – The Silent Protector**

<img src="_images/Swen.jpg" alt="Swen" style="height: 300px; object-fit: contain;">

Swen is a mysterious and reserved human aboard the ship, calling himself the protector. Skilled with the sword, he keeps
largely to himself and rarely interacts directly with the party or other passengers. His motives and past remain
enigmatic, but his capability and reliability in times of danger make him an essential ally.

---

## **William – The Shipwright Mage**

<img src="_images/William.png" alt="William" style="height: 300px; object-fit: contain;">

Paul is the skilled carpenter and shipbuilder working at Venail’s dockyard, tasked with reinforcing and preparing the
party’s ship for their voyage across the ocean to the continent of Aelantir. Though not yet directly encountered by the
party, he holds significant importance for their upcoming journey, providing crucial maritime expertise and
craftsmanship necessary to ensure their vessel survives the long voyage.

---

## **Mathias – The Enthusiastic Apprentice**


Mathias is a young child aboard the ship, notably fond of Andrew and affectionately nicknaming GuG as "Big Rock." He
shows genuine curiosity and excitement towards magic, adventure, and the new continent. His optimistic and spirited
personality brings warmth and joy to the challenging journey, representing hope for the party’s future in the new
colony.

---

## **Elmisteer – Theoretical Mastermind**

<img src="_images/Elminster_CLB_alt.webp" alt="Elmisteer" style="height: 300px; object-fit: contain;">

Elmisteer is an iconic mage, celebrated as one of the original founders of the Magisterium and revered for his
unparalleled theoretical mastery of magic. Known for his extraordinary intellect and meticulous approach, Elmisteer has
dedicated his life to unraveling the deepest mysteries of mana and magic itself.

Elmisteer is especially famous for his remarkable skill of spontaneous spellcasting. Rather than memorizing spell
formulas, he logically constructs and manipulates complex spell arrays on the fly, showcasing an astonishing grasp of
magical principles. Deeply disdainful of practical magicians who neglect theoretical understanding, Elmisteer's
teachings
emphasize thorough comprehension over mere practicality.

Having recognized Zorian Kazinski's potential, Elmisteer adopted him as his apprentice, imparting invaluable lessons on
magic's intrinsic nature. Approximately seventy years ago, driven by dissatisfaction with the Magisterium’s prevailing
attitudes and a thirst for greater knowledge, Elmisteer departed eastward, continuing his lifelong quest to deepen his
already profound magical understanding.